feat(.github/actions/create-release-candidate-v1): add create-release-candidate action (#40)
dequelabs/axe-api-team-public: .github/actions/create-release-candidate-v1/README.md

# create-release-candidate-v1

A GitHub Action to create a release candidate.

## Inputs

| Name                  | Required | Description                                                                                         | Default |
| --------------------- | -------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- |
| `token`               | Yes      | A GitHub token used for octokit and GH CLI with the required permissions                            | NA      |
| `base`                | Yes      | The branch the pull request will be merged into                                                     | NA      |
| `head`                | Yes      | The branch that contains the changes the pull request is trying to merge                            | NA      |

> | `release-script-path` | Yes      | The location of the `prepare_release.sh` shell script that creates the changelogs and version bumps | NA      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `release-script-path` | Yes      | The path to the script that creates the changelogs and bumps the version of the package(s) | NA      |
```

| `head`           | Yes      | The branch that contains the changes the pull request is trying to merge                            | NA      |
| `shell-script`   | Yes      | The location of the `prepare_release.sh` shell script that creates the changelogs and version bumps | NA      |
| `slack-webhook`  | No       | The Slack webhook to send the release candidate notification to                                     | NA      |
| `version-locked` | No       | Whether or not the version should be locked to axe-core                                             | `false` |
| `docs-repo`      | No       | The name of the repo where the release notes live                                                   | `null`  |

## Example usage

```yaml
name: Create release candidate

on: workflow_dispatch

jobs:
  create-project-issue:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: dequelabs/axe-api-team-public/.github/actions/create-release-candidate-v1@main
        with:
          token: ${{ secrets.PAT }}
          slack-webhook: ${{ secrets.SLACK }}
          base: 'main'
          head: 'develop'
          version-locked: 'false'

>           shell-script: 'prepare_release.sh'

Reviewer: Should add `./` to ensure people see it as a filepath

```suggestion
          shell-script: './prepare_release.sh'
```

>           docs-repo: 'docs-developer-hub'

Reviewer: Should use either a public name or an example name

        env:
          GH_TOKEN: ${{ secrets.PAT }}
```

## Permissions

> This action requires the following permission scopes:

Reviewer: 👍

- `repo` - To create the issue within private repositories
- `workflow` - To access the `GITHUB_TOKEN` secret
- `write:org` - To add the issue to a project board
- `read:org` - To read the project board
- `project` - access to project board

## Action Flow

> ```mermaid

Reviewer: Last I heard Mermaid charts aren't accessible so I'm hesitant to put one in the readme of the action

Author: I like the idea of having a mermaid flow for these type of actions visually show the flow instead of diving into the action itself, but I agree it should be accessible, I can remove it and add it later to see if we're able to make it accessible
